Hello and welcome to this art Tauriel.
So now it's time for the fun part.
I can't wait to show you the training set results and the tests that result.
So let's start to build the graphs.
So the first thing we're going to do is to import the GGP to library which is a very good way of putting
something in our.
So I'm going to import it.
But before importing this library there might be some of you who are starting or for the first time
so if we go to our packages here you can see that the GG plot two libraries here on my our studio but
it might not be the case for you because that would mean that the GGP to a library is not installed
on your car.
So just for those of you for which it's the case I'm going to install GGP to library.
So we have to use this command install packages here and then in parenthesis we add GGP plot to g g
a lot to then we select this press command and control us enter to execute.
And here as you can see it's installing the library and that's done.
So that's the message you should be obtaining when you install a package.
Now it should be appearing in your library.
So mine is here and we are ready to start plotting the graph.
I'm just going to put that in comment.
So command shift Plessey.
Now it's incoming because once it's installed we don't need to install it again.
OK so now let's start to plot our training set resolves Grof.
So.
OK.
So first thing we need to do is you can see the GG plot to library is not selected here.
So we wanted to select it but we want to automate all this if we want to use simple aggression on another
data set.
So we will just type your library then in parenthesis the name of the library not in code.
Actually G.G. plus 2.
And as you can see if I select this line and executes here you see that it's not selected and if I execute
it's selected he would just have a suggestion to type suppress package started messages to eliminate
package started messages.
Well that's not very important.
You can execute that if you don't want the package started messages but that's OK.
So I'm just going to enlarge this.
OK.
And now like for this course the approach will be taking to build this graph with digital too.
It's going to be a step by step approach because we are first going to plot all the observation points
in the turning set.
Then we were going to plot the regression line and then we're going to add a title and then a label
to the x axis and labels the y axis.
So you know it's going to be step by step.
First the observation points then the regression line then the title then the labels.
OK so let's start with the observation point.
So OK so generally you introduce a plot in DZIEDZIC plot.
We started by typing GG plucked parenthesis.
All right.
And then that's when we start to build it step by step.
The little components of our graph.
And since we're adding each component one by one we are going to separate each of these components by
plus.
So let's go for the first component plus here I will press enter.
And here we go for the first component.
So the first component are the observation points.
So very intuitively we are going to rise GM on that score point.
All right.
So we are going to use this function of Juji plot to scatterplot all our observation points of the trainset
.
So the first thing that we need to do is to precise which are going to be the x axis and the y axis
and that's in the static function which we call a s.
So that's the function that will take as input the X variables and the y variables so the X variables
are your experience variable that means the number of years of experience.
That's what we want to have in the x axis and the Y variable will be our salaries.
But the real ones not the predicted ones yet.
So therefore we are going to add in parenthesis X equals and then we're going to put all our years of
experience but be careful.
We want to take the years of experience of the observations in a training set.
So we'll just have to specify trainset dollar.
And then two years experience.
So that means that we are taking the years experience values of the observations in the training set
.
OK.
And now same for why.
And here we do the same only with the salaries which is here.
OK.
And that plot all your observation points.
The real ones in the plot.
OK so we could stop here but we would like to recall that because we will want to make the distinction
between the observation points and the regression line to make a nice plot so common here and then I'm
going to press enter to add new arguments of Geum point because this can be a little confusing.
We have we have a coming here and coming here this coming here is just to separate the eggs and the
white in the static function.
And this coming here is to separate the first argument and the second argument of the GM point function
.
So the second argument is color and let spec read I usually like to have my observation points and read
But you know that's just my taste.
If you have some other tastes you're welcome to choose your favorite color for the observation point
.
OK so that's it for the GM point with this geom point part here.
We are applauding all the observation points of our training set.
And now let's add the following component which is our regression line.
So here we add a little plus and then enter.
So to plot the observation points we used geom point and now very intuitively to plot the regression
line.
We're going to use Giang line.
All right so pretty easy to remember and then this line same as for the point we are going to take the
x coordinates and the y coordinates of our regression line.
So let's see first we need to take the function a static.
Yes parenthesis.
And that's where we put the X and Y.
So in your opinion what is going to be the X.
Well the X is going to be the years experience of the trining set because we want to have the predictions
of the salaries for the observations in the training set.
So in the x axis we need to have the number of years of experience of the trainset observations.
So here I'm just going to copy this there and paste it here.
But now what is going to be the why it's not going to be training said salary obviously because we don't
want to take the real salaries.
Now we want to take the predicted salaries.
So in order to take a predicted salaries we will very simply use again this predict function.
We cannot use again why read here because why predicts the predicted salaries of the test said observations
.
But we want to get the training set predicted salaries.
So we will copy this predict today the predictions of the training said salaries and therefore in your
data here we need to replace test set by training set.
And now it's good.
Now this GM line function here will plot all the predicted salaries of the training set observations
and so for each employee with the same number of years of experience.
Because here we have the same x.
We're going to have both the real salaries the salaries they actually have in the company and the salaries
predicted by our simple in our regression model for the same employees.
OK so it's ready the line is ready.
But as for the observation point we will just add a color and then that means that we need to put a
comma here and press enter.
And that's where we put the second argument which is going to be the caller.
And this time we will pick a blue color.
So again that's just my taste.
You're welcome to use some other colors if you prefer.
OK so now our plot is almost ready we have all the observation points of the trends that we have the
regression line.
And so now we could plot the graph now.
But if you want to have a nice graph that we want to present to people like managers or clients or even
your friends it's always better to add a little title and some labels on the access.
So let's do this plus here and G.G..
So this time Sangiovese G.G. because it's not a geometrical thing GG title parenthesis quotes because
we have to put the title of our plot in quotes and here we're going to give the following title salary
vs experience
and we are going to specify that the trainset because then we will do the same for the test and close
parenthesis and that's it.
So perfect that's our title.
And now let's just add a name of the x axis so to do this we use the x lab and in parenthesis we will
say that the name of our x axis is going to be years of experience.
OK.
And then plus and then same for y axis and obviously it's going to be y lab and he will choose salary
very simply.
OK.
And our graph is ready to be plotted.
So I'm going to select all this and now press command control plus enter to execute.
And here is our beautiful graph.
So that's the trend that results with the real trainset observations with real salaries and red and
regression line in blue.
So let's zoom this graph and that's given interpretation.
All right so this is our training set results so we can clearly make the distinction between the real
observations which are the red points.
So these are the real salaries of the employees in the company.
And this blue straight line here is our linear regression model.
So that's the prediction that means that for example if we take this employee here well we can see that
his number of years of experience is a little more than five years of experience his real salary is
about $65000 but our model predicted for this particular employee this result here.
That means he predicted that this employee has a salary of a little less than seventy five thousand
dollars.
OK so that's a real important distinction to understand.
This is the real value and this is the predicted value of the model and to get the predicted salary
you need to project this point of the line here onto the salary access which give us predicted salary
of a little less than $75000.
All right.
So that's the result of the training set.
These are quite good results but that's because we trained our linear regression models on the training
set.
And now let's see how are simple in their regression all can predict new observations.
That is your observations of the test set.
So I'm going to close that.
OK.
Now let's do the same for the test sets to see if they are simple in their regression can make some
good predictions on new observations.
So the tests or observations on which our model wasn't built.
So as usual we want to be efficient.
And so we were going to copy all this copy and paste it here.
OK.
So let's replace all the trainset here by two sets.
Ok.
Here as well.
Training set to set.
That's the test results.
OK.
So now we must be careful with something.
Let's see if we have to replace all the transects.
So in the first component of Juji plot that is when we plot all the observation points to real observations
.
Here we have trainset years experience and training said salary in your opinion do we need to change
strings here by test set.
Yes of course because this time we want to have the observation points of the test set.
So we want to take the years experience here of the tests their observations and the salaries of the
test said observations.
And here we will replace trainset by test.
OK.
But now in genome 9 so that is the component that builds the regression line.
Do we need to replace training set by test set here no training set here in training set here.
Do we need to replace those two training sets by test.
Well the answer is actually of course no because our regressors already trained on the training set
.
So whether we keep the training set or replaced by test said we will obtain the same simple regression
line.
Indeed if we replaced your training set by test set we would just build some new points of the same
regression line corresponding to the new predictions of the test and observation points.
Because when we trained our symbology or regress her on the training set we obtained one unique model
equation which is the simple in our equation itself and therefore with how we build the regression line
here by predicting the training setpoints all the tests that points well since these predictions result
from the same unique simple equation we will get the same regression line.
OK.
Now so that means that now we're ready to set to set test here and training said here we're all good
.
We are ready to plot the test results to find out how our simple regression behaves on new observations
So let's do this press command and control press enter to execute.
And here we go.
So as you can see as I was telling you if we go back to the training set here you can see that only
the red points change you see and the blue regression line doesn't change.
You see it's the same here only the red points change.
So here that's the trainings that observation points with the model built in the training set.
And here that's the test that observations with the same regression line builds on the training set
.
OK so now let's zoom on a test set plot and get some interpretation.
OK so the test results are actually not bad.
We can see that we have some very good predictions here.
For example for this employee this employee this employee and this one as well because as you can see
the real value is closer to the prediction which is on the blue regression line.
So since these are new observations on which are simple in their regression model didn't learn any girl
action.
That's actually quite a good job to find.
You know predictions so close to the real value.
And of course there are some predictions that are further from the real value but that's because there
is not 100 percent linear dependency between the salary and the years of experience.
But for sure there is a certain linear dependence.
All right so thank you for watching this tutorials about simple now regression in the next section we
will find out about a new type of linear regression which is going to be the multiple in our regression
meaning that instead of having only one independent variable we'll have several independent variables
that will predict a single dependent variable.
So there will be a new business problem and I can't wait to solve it with you using multiple regression
.
I'll see you in the next section.
And until then enjoyer machine learning